All right.
Time to do some manual testing here.
What we're going to do is use Postman to manually create a ticket and then manually update it.
So I've still got Postman Open right here.
Inside a post, man.
The first thing we're going to do is make sure that we are still signed in.
To make sure that you are still authenticated.
You can make a get request to API users current user.
So when I send this off, I see that I am logged in because there is an object right there.
If you are not logged in, it will say current user know.
Instead to log back in, you can open up another tab inside a postman.
You'll want to make a post request to API users sign up.
Make sure you've got body raw JSON selected and then just enter in an email and password.
As soon as you sign up with an account, you will then be considered to be authenticated.
So come back over to this tab where you're checking your current user status.
Send that request off and just make sure that you are signed in.
Then finally we'll open up a third tab.
And inside of this third tab, we're going to make a post request to API tickets.
We'll make sure we've got RAW and JSON selected.
And we'll enter in some attributes for a ticket.
So a title and a price.
Once I've got that in, I'll then send the request off and I should see something that says status to
oh one create a down here and I should see some attributes around the ticket as well.
And now hopefully most critically, we should be go back, be able to go back over to our terminal and
see some logging information around not only publishing an event, but also receiving an event as well.
So you'll notice that I get event published to ticket created.
That's from my ticket service.
And then from my order service I see message received on the subject of ticket created and it was received
by the orders service.
Awesome.
So that's our ticket created event.
Let's make sure that ticket updated works as well.
So to do a update, we're going to once again on this tab where we just created the ticket.
We're going to grab the ID right there, the ticket we just created.
And we'll make a request to API tickets and then the ID of the ticket you just created.
Well, then adjust the price in some way.
So I'll adjust my price to say how about ten instead?
Well, then send the request off.
We should once again get a status of 200 OC and then see the updated record right here.
And I've got a price of ten.
Very good.
Now again as the real test back over to our terminal and we should see something that says event publish
to ticket updated and message received on ticket updated.
You will notice that the console logs here are out of order.
That is totally okay just because the way scaffold works.
Sometimes these console logs get reflected in a slightly different order.
No problem whatsoever.
At the end of the day, the order service is not somehow magically predicting that this event is going
to come over before it does.
All right.
Well, I'd say that this is a good manual test.
However, as I mentioned, this is where all those concurrency issues are going to start to become absolute
first class citizens problems.
So we're going to have to solve now that we've got this entire publisher and listener infrastructure
set up.
It's a quick pause right here.
We're going to start to see some really weird behavior in the next video.